Integrate jira into copilot chat (#800)
microsoft/semantic-kernel: samples/apps/copilot-chat-app/webapi/Skills/OpenApiSkills/README.md

The OpenAPI spec at `./KlarnaSkill/openapi.json` defines the APIs for Klarna Shopping's ChatGPT AI plugin operations.
This definition was retrieved using Klarna's official ChatGPT plugin hosted at https://www.klarna.com/.well-known/ai-plugin.json.
Serving the OpenAPI definition from the repo is a workaround for Klarna's ChatGPT plugin sometimes returning a 403 when requested from CopilotChat. 

## JiraSkill

> The OpenAPI spec at `./JiraSkill/openapi.json` defines the APIs for Jira's operations.

Reviewer: Let's use the term "Power Platform Connector/OpenAPI" in this section, to show that others could follow a similar pattern with Power Platform Connectors.

> This definition was retrieved using Jira's official OpenAPI description, version 2.0 (not version 3.0), hosted at https://github.com/microsoft/PowerPlatformConnectors/blob/dev/certified-connectors/JIRA/apiDefinition.swagger.json .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This definition was retrieved using the Jira Power Platform Certified Connector OpenAPI definition, version 2.0 (not version 3.0), hosted at https://github.com/microsoft/PowerPlatformConnectors/blob/dev/certified-connectors/JIRA/apiDefinition.swagger.json .
```

Serving the OpenAPI definition from the repo is a workaround to use version 2.0 for the swagger document which is the version currently supported by the semantic kernel. 
This version however doesn't follow OpenAPI specification for all of its operations. 
For example CreateIssueV2, its body param does not describe properties and so we can't build the body automatically.

> Version 3.0 of jira's swagger document is hosted at https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/swagger-v3.v3.json.

Reviewer 2: We should add a section in this README detailing the purpose of the Model classes and how they're leveraged to truncate large API responses
